doc:  add IVSHMEM, mmio_resources, pt_intx in configuration tool (#5334)
projectacrn/acrn-hypervisor: doc/tutorials/acrn_configuration_tool.rst

  Specify whether force to disable software workaround for Machine Check
  Error on Page Size Change is enabled.

> ``IVSHMEM`` (a child node of ``FEATURE``):

Author: ok

  Specify the IVSHMEM configuration

``IVSHMEM_ENABLED`` (a child node of ``FEATURE/IVSHMEM``):

>   Specify whether Enable Share Memory between VMs by IVSHMEM.

Reviewer: I feel `shared` instead of `share` would read better throughout this document. @dbkinder , thoughts?

Author: ok

``IVSHMEM_REGION`` (a child node of ``FEATURE/IVSHMEM``):

>   Specify the name, size, IDs of communication VMs of share memory region,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Specify the name, size, IDs of VMs communicating over the shared memory region,
```
?

Author: ok

>   Specify the name, size, IDs of communication VMs of share memory region,

Reviewer 2: Let's change the description to:
```
  Specify a comma-separated list of the inter-VM shared memory region name,
  size, and VM IDs that may communicate using this shared region.

  * Prefix the region ``name`` with either ``hv:/`` (for an hv-land solution) or
    ``dm:/`` for a dm-land solution; for example, ``hv:/shared01``.
    (See :ref:`ivshmem-hld` for details.)
  * Specify the region ``size`` in MB, and a power of 2 (e.g., 2, 4, 8, 16)
    up to 512.
  * Specify the two VM IDs that may use this shared memory area,
    separated by a ``:``, for example, ``0:2`` 
```
@xiaofst Your syntax description seems to allow you to share the memory area between more than two regions by writing this as, for example, ``hv:/myname,16,0:1,0:2:1:2``, but I don't think that's allowed.  Can you confirm?

Author: @dbkinder , synced with IVSHMEM feature owner @liuyuan-GitHub ,can we use below description:
  * Specify the VM IDs that may use this shared memory region,
     separated by ``:``, for example, ``0:2``.

The format should be hv:/<shm name>,<shm size in MB>,<vm id:vm id[:vm id:...]> . For example, hv:/myname, 16, 0:1  or hv:/myname, 16, 0:1:2

>   input format: hv:dm/<;shm name>;,<;shm size in MB>;,<;vm id:vm id[:vm id,...]>.

Reviewer: This is very hard to read... any suggestion on how we can make this more readable @dbkinder ?

Reviewer 2: my submitted edit recommendation is to use words rather than a syntax description using notation that's unfamiliar.

Author: > my submitted edit recommendation is to use words rather than a syntax description using notation that's unfamiliar.

yes, I have updated it as yours, the reply  is just to explain to you, it won't be added in doc.

  PCI devices list of the VM; it is hard-coded for each scenario so it
  is not configurable for now.

``mmio_resources``:
  MMIO resources to passthrough.

``TPM2`` (a child node of ``mmio_resources``):
  TPM2 device to passthrough.

``p2sb`` (a child node of ``mmio_resources``):
  P2SB device to passthrough.

``pt_intx``:

>   pt intx mapping.

Reviewer: This is mostly a repeat of the name of the parameter. Can you describe this a little more in plain english, i.e. Passthrough Interrupt mapping.

Reviewer 2: I agree that these descriptions could be explained better, even if it's just expanding the acronyms.

Author: I will add more information

  ``bus#-port#[:bus#-port#: ...]``, e.g.: ``1-2:2-4``.
  Refer to :ref:`usb_virtualization` for details.

``shm_regions``:

>   List of shared memrory regions for inter-VM communication.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  List of shared memory regions for inter-VM communication.
```

Author: ok

``shm_region`` (a child node of ``shm_regions``):

>   configure the shm regions for current VM, input format: hv:/<;shm name>;,

Reviewer: Why is `dm:/` not mentionned in this section?

Reviewer: We don't need to list the VM IDs here?

Author: > Why is `dm:/` not mentionned in this section?
the dm land solution for IVSHMEN is not officially supported in config tool, so remove dm:/ in description of IVSHMEM region and here.

> We don't need to list the VM IDs here?
Yes. It is by design of IVSHMEM.

Reviewer 2: Are you saying we only support IVSHMEM hv-land solutions via XML configuration, and only support IVSHMEM dm-land solutions via acrn-dm command line parameters?  We need to clarify this in the documentation.  @NanlinXie

Author: > Are you saying we only support IVSHMEM hv-land solutions via XML configuration, and only support IVSHMEM dm-land solutions via acrn-dm command line parameters? We need to clarify this in the documentation. @NanlinXie

we only support hv-land solutions, I have remove dm-land description in my update.
